---
title: "Fasting"
date: 2018-02-06 03:33:05 --0600
---

# Fasting

I started a fast immediately after the 52nd superbowl ended. Prior to that, I was trying out a new diet called OMAD (one meal a day). The basic premise of OMAD is to cut down the thought process surrounding food to one event a day. Furthermore, you could eat whatever you could stuff into your stomach within an hour. This greatly simplified the need to calorie count and prepare multiple meals a day. 

I transitioned into fasting just simply because I wanted to try something new. I more or less did an IF (intermittent fasting) diet for the past few years as I never really had breakfast unless I was on vacation or not on my daily routine. I would eat a lunch and early dinner and fast for the remaining 16-18 hours of the day. When I first started intentionally doing IF back in college (summer of 2012), I found great results. However, it seems my body has mostly adapted to that mode of eating as I never really seem to fluctuate much outside of my 215-225 pound range. My body mostly recompositions when I add in weight training. 

My ideal weight for my height (6'3) sits at around 195-200 pounds. But beyond weight loss, I want to experiment and discover if fasting adds more clarity to my thoughts. I'd ideally like to figure out a way to measure for 

After trying out some trial long periods of fasting, I'll most likely switch back to OMAD as it is the most convenient form of feeding for me.

## Daily Notes

- 2/5/17 Didn't feel like exercising and went to bed early (9pm) as I was tired and feeling hunger pangs.
- 2/6/17 I've felt the most mentally clear and focused the entire day. No hunger pangs.
